I. Wirecard Terms of Use

Terms of Use & Legal Notes for “iso-paypal-converter”

1.    The extension “iso-paypal-converter” (in the following “the extension”) is licensed by Wirecard AG, Einsteinring 35, 85609 Aschheim, Germany (in the following “Wirecard”) free of charge under the MIT License and the present Terms of Use & Legal Notes.

The extension is distributed in the hope that they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  Please See the MIT License for more details (https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

2.    The extension is explicitly not part of the Wirecard range of products and/or services (which can be licensed under any terms other than MIT) and are provided independent from any potential contractual relationship between you and Wirecard for the provision of products or services.

3.    Any use of the extension is at your own risk. Wirecard does not assume any undertaking regarding the extensions merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, regarding a particular functionality or an error-free use. Accordingly, Wirecard does not assume any warranty for the extension eventually compromising or negatively affecting the functionality or operability of your shop system. Notwithstanding Wirecard’s liability for defects fraudulently concealed, these free of charge extension is therefore provided without any warranty regarding defects of title and/or defects as to quality.

4.    The extension has not been developed for use with other shop-systems and/or installed extension of other vendors within the same shop system. Also the extension is neither tested nor designated by Wirecard for use in enhanced and/or customized shop systems/ shop system configurations.  Accordingly, Wirecard does not warrant that the extension do not interfere with the functionality of enhanced and/or customized shop systems/ shop system configurations or third party shop systems and extension or vice versa.

5.    In any case testing the extensions functionality before starting productive operation is necessary.

6.    Uninstalling the extension may result in the loss of data so that according data back-up procedures should be put in place; in case of loss of data, Wirecard would not bear any liability whatsoever.


Wirecard shall be liable for damages according to the statutory provisions for bodily injury (“Personenschäden”) and for damages according to the German Product Liability Act (“Produkthaftungsgesetz”).

For any other damage Wirecard shall be liable in accordance with the following provisions. Wirecard shall be liable in accordance with the statutory provisions for damage caused by fraudulent conduct, as well as for damage caused by willful misconduct or gross negligence of Wirecard or of Wirecard’s statutory representatives or executive staff and, in case of such damage caused willfully or through gross negligence by Wirecard’s simple vicarious agents (“einfache Erfüllungsgehilfen”), Wirecard’s liability for damage shall be limited to the amount which corresponds to the foreseeable damage that is typical of the contract.  Wirecard’s liability for damage caused by simple negligence shall be excluded.
